# 8-Puzzle-Game
The 8 puzzle consists of eight numbered, movable tiles set in a 3x3 frame. One cell of the frame is always empty thus making it possible to move an adjacent numbered tile into the empty cell.
The program is to change the initial configuration into the goal configuration. A solution to the problem is an appropriate sequence of moves, such as “move tiles 5 to the right, move tile 7 to the left ,move tile 6 to the down, etc”.
A move transforms one problem state into another state. The 8-puzzle is convenjently interpreted as having the following for moves. Move empty space (blank) to the left, move blank up, move blank to the right and move blank down,. These moves are modeled by production rules that operate on the state descriptions in the appropriate manner.
The rules each have preconditions that must be satisfied by a state description in order for them to be applicable to that state description. Thus the precondition for the rule associated with “move blank up” is derived from the requirement that the blank space must not already be in the top row.
The problem goal condition forms the basis for the termination condition of the production system. The control strategy repeatedly applies rules to state descriptions until a description of a goal state is produced . it also keep track of rules that have been applied so that it can compose them into sequence representing the problem solution.
The problem goal condition forms the basis for the termination condition of the production system. The control strategy repeatedly applies rules to state descriptions until a description of a goal state is produced . it also keep track of rules that have been applied so that it can compose them into sequence representing the problem solution
